We, in the hope of this election, will make our own opinion.
We will demand that the opposition party leader of the party,
in the meantime, give a fair judgment to the entire nation.
If we can put our opinion in a very simple way,
we will have a discussion about the issue of the royal family and the fundamental issue.
The issue of the royal family is how to solve the problem of the Manchu people.
This is what I want to say.
And, in my opinion,
how to recover the current impoverished people.
This is the issue of the royal family.
And, as for the fundamental issue,
in addition,
how to improve the international relations of the whole of the country,
the issue of the Manchu people,
if the fundamental issue is not decided,
the relationship of the country will not be settled.
So, we have been researching and
we are looking forward to how to solve this fundamental issue.
We want to do this.
And, in my opinion,
how to recover the current impoverished people is the only big issue.
In the fundamental issue,
how to develop the Japanese industrial policy,
and how to develop the Japanese industrial policy,
and how to develop it a little more reasonably.
This is the fundamental issue.
And, not only that,
but in the 60 years,
all the things that have developed in the impoverished people,
all the things are political organizations.
We have to do this again.
How to recover the impoverished people is a little more simple.
All of this, including the basic restructuring of the business and the financial system.
This is the government's side.
And, the government's side is not the only one.
The time has come for the whole of the people to make great innovations and major reforms.
We have to put it down in a small way.
This system will not be fixed forever.
Nevertheless, we will never stop the disbandment of the people.